What happened to Reinhard Heydrich's wife and family after the war?-Michael Mills
What popular movie made within the last 40 years would be totally unacceptable in today's culture? - William Bingham
Did Chiang Kai-shek and Mao Zedong ever meet in person? If so how was their meeting and overall relationship with each other? - Jean-Marie Valheur
What was the most disgusting or inaccurate portrayal, in media, of a real and serious event? - Sean Peabody
Why did general Han Xin have such miserable end? - Henry Wang
What are some of the biggest lies in history? - Katrina D. Anderson
Why is the Chinese military viewed so poorly by western countries? - Vladimir Andreeff
Who was the most infamous admiral in history? - James M. Volo
How do Chinese citizens or those who have lived in the PRC feel about the PLA pledging themselves to a party instead of the state? - Gabriel Chan
What are the most epic university pranks in history? - Vincent Touveneau
Why do Russia and China have road-mobile ballistic missile trucks even though they also have ballistic missile submarines, and why doesn't the United States use truck-based ICBMs? - Izidore El-Naghoun
What were the most accurate predictions of all time? - Jarred Dunn
Why did the Republic of China not accept a piece of Japan after the defeat of Japan in WW2? - Callan Chua
What single decision had the greatest effect on history? - Tony Plank
What modern militaries still employ wild animals? - Sean Kernan
What are some popular misconceptions throughout history? - Alex Foster
What are some of the most interesting posthumous diagnoses done on famous people? - Huyen Nguyen
What are some interesting facts about elephants? - Peter Spering
In hindsight, what should the Soviet Union have done to win the Cold War? - Dima Vorobiev
Which historical event sounds like it came straight out of a movie? - Ed Hakobyan
What historical fact blows your mind? - Alex Foster
Why is Mao Zedong considered a hero? - Jue Wu
Who was the deadliest scientist in the Soviet era? - Roman Podolyan
What are some examples of "the last known photo of"? - Gunawan Hardi
What are some examples of countries which went rapidly from rich to poor? - Spoorti Sadarjoshi
Do you know of a Hollywood actor who was romantically involved to all or most of his/her co-actors in their movies? - Ludivine Reynaud
